The Catch in Average
This costume parade goes on
for an hour in the U.K.
All people with income must
walk by within one hour.
Numbers - Part 3
The 48-minutes Trap
The parade is arranged
in order of height.
The heights are proportional
to the income.
The first marcher struggles upside down
with his head buried in the ground.
A bankrupt business man
making losses.
Next are people standing straight
but stuck on the ground like ants.
A housewife working by the hour
A newspaper delivery boy
They are merely a few centimeters tall.
They are followed by
one meter tall marchers.
The aged
The unemployed
A street vendor with a bad business
An unrecognized genius painter
For over 30 minutes,
people's heights remain at
barely over one meter,
the height of dwarves.
However
after 48 minutes,
the heights rise drastically.
A college graduated officer worker
and a principal over two meters tall.
A colonel over five meters tall
An unsuccessful lawyer
At the last minute,
we see giants tens of meters tall.
Prince Philip, the husband of
Elizabeth II is 60 meters tall.
The executive director of Shell, an oil
and gas company, is 110 meters tall.
The last marchers are so tall
that their faces are covered by clouds.
Income Distribution (1971)
by Jan Pen, a Dutch economist
In this visual statistics of
income disparity in the society
more than half are
dwarves under one meter.
However, the average height is
170 centimeters that
we saw around at 48 minutes.
The catch in average
"It's not as easy as it seems to
be included in the average group.
Annual income
Age
Height
Weight
Academic record
"Average" is a representative value
that sums up a certain group's data.
But what if you can't understand
the total and the distribution?
Normally mistaken as the average
is the value in the middle, the median.
Mode is a value that occurs
most frequently in a set of data.
Without considering the median and mode,
the average cannot represent a group's data.